chore(logging): document log4j2 changes (#1868)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Technical updates

===  Log4j2 Logger

Bonita Runtime now use Log4j2 as logger.
One of the great feature that it brings is the automatic reload of configuration files. There is no more need

> to restart the platform only to change a log level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to restart the platform if you only want to change a log level.
```

More information on how to use it in the docker image xref:runtime:bonita-docker-installation.adoc#logger_configuration[here] and in the bundle xref:setup-dev-environment:logging.adoc#_logging_configuration[here].

[WARNING]
====
If, in previous version, you customized the `logging.properties` file, you should update `log4j2-loggers.xml` as described in the documentation
xref:runtime:bonita-docker-installation.adoc#logger_configuration[here] and xref:setup-dev-environment:logging.adoc#_logging_configuration[here].

> A conversion table between loggers level in JUL and in Log4j2 is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conversion table between logger levels in JUL and in Log4j2 is available
```
